1. wininit.exe: The “wininit.exe” process is known as the “Windows Initialization Process”. It is responsible for starting the Service Control Manager (services.exe), Local Security Authority process (lsass.exe), and Local Session Manager (lsm.exe). It is located under the “C:\Windows\System32” folder. It is created during system boot. It is the process that works with the privileges of the most authorized user (NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM) on the system.

2. services.exe: The “services.exe” is the process responsible for starting and stopping services. “Svchost.exe”, “dllhost.exe”, “taskhost.exe”, and “spoolsv.exe” are child processes of the “Services.exe” process. It is located under the “C:\Windows\System32” folder. It is the process that works with the privileges of the most authorized user (NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM) on the system. There should only be 1 "services.exe" process at a time in the process tree under normal conditions. If there are multiple "services.exe" processes or if there is a process with a similar name, it should be investigated further as it may be a process that belongs to a malicious activity.

3. svchost.exe: “Svchost.exe” is a generic host process name for services that run from dynamic-link libraries. Because DLL files are non-executable files, they are run with svchost for triggering the services of the operating system. “svchost.exe” is responsible for the usage and management of multi-dll services for the optimization of system sources. All DLL-based services share the same svchost process. Every svchost process occurs with executing unique services. It's parent process is “services.exe”. And "Services.exe" is the child process of "wininit.exe". “Svchost.exe” is located under the “C:\Windows\System32” folder. This is the process running on the system with “NT AUTHORITY\NETWORK SERVICE” or NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM” privileges.

4. lsass.exe: The “lsass.exe” (Local Security Authority Subsystem Service) is the process responsible for critical security operations such as confirming or rejecting users' passwords during login in the Windows operating system. In addition, this process works actively during the password changes of users. This process is critically important as it contains the user passwords in the system. The attacker gaining access to the system can obtain the user's password by leveraging this process. There is a free tool called “mimikatz” developed by “Benjamin Delpy” and users' passwords can be obtained from the "lsass.exe" process with the help of the “Mimikatz” tool. “lsass.exe” is located under the “C:\Windows\System32” folder. It is the process that works with the privileges of the most authorized user (NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM) on the system.

5. winlogon.exe: The “Winlogon.exe” is the process that performs the login and logout operations of the users in the Windows operating system. It is the process that works with the privileges of the most authorized user (NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM) on the system. “Winlogon.exe” is located under the “C:\Windows\System32” folder.

6. explorer.exe: The “Explorer.exe” process is the parent process of almost every process that has a graphical user interface (GUI) in the Windows operating system and opens as a window. For example, this process kicks in when Windows explorer is started. Under normal circumstances, one "explorer.exe" process is expected. “Explorer.exe” is located under the “C:\Windows\” folder. This process runs with the privileges of the user who is currently logged in to the system.

7. Task Manager: “Task Manager" is the application that enables to see and manage the processes on Windows operating system. The processes can be viewed and terminated with the help of the “Task Manager”.